Kraang is not interested in the lesser Kraangs planetary domination of the universe, they are more interested in the minds of others, of their emotions and how they work, since they are so very different from Kraangs own kind.

Though for a first observation subject they want something interesting, unique among all creatures they have observed so far.

Good thing they think they found it.

I will most likely not continue this, but I had it in my head and haven’t found anything remotely similar so… yeah

Notes:
If anyone wants to take over it or make their own Kraang pov version your more then welcome, just comment to let me know so I Can read it! I’m honestly surprised no one has made a story in the pov of a Kraang… well at not that I have found.As expected Chp 1
Many things are expected to happen in life, the list is endless in what one as both an individual and as a society as a whole expects to happen during their lifetime.

Babies are born, children grow up, go to school, get friends, graduate and then get jobs and or significant others, maybe get married, have kids, watch those kids grow up and then die.

For humans that seems like a typical if not boring life, for kraang? That seems like a torture, it just seems so… boring, Kraang has no idea why the mutant turtles keep ruining Kraangs… uh the other kraangs plans for world takeover, in kraangs opinion humans are not very smart to begin with, always hurting and killing each other, making weapons of mass destruction to bring down their own kind which in turn ruins themselves.

Stupid, cruel and barbaric humans are, not like kraang… them… um… maybe kraang needs a new name, given kraang thinks their own race is just as stupid, cruel and barbaric and makes explaining things harder then they need to be when in regards to themself and separating themself from the rest of their brethren.

Kraang shall henceforth be known as Superior Kraang, with the capital S and K a must in order to highlight their obvious superiority and to empathise just how much better Superior Kraang is to all the other worthless, idiotic and barbaric Kraang out there in the multiverse.

Sure there could be others called Superior Kraang in the multiverse but they do not know them so therefore they are just as worthless as space dust just like all the other Kraang in this universe in Superior Kraangs eyes.

Name now confirmed, back to Superior Kraangs previous thoughts, now while Superior Kraang does not at all condone what the other worthless useless Kraang are trying to do with taking over other creatures planets in barbaric conquest Superior Kraang cannot deny that it is at least more interesting then the boring lives most creatures, and at present most notably humans live.

Superior Kraang understands that fighting bad guys like their lesser brethren and stopping their plots like in some human video game
Is also a sort of more interesting past time then the current way humans live and is certainly one way to spice up life, but they do not understand why they are trying to keep their increasing presence from the humans known, keeping the humans ignorant of their potential impending doom.

Sure Superior Kraang knows that humans are just as bad, if not worse than the Kraang race as a whole could ever be… but given their weapons of mass destruction, their… at least for some humans high intelligence and better yet ingenious ingenuity like that of the orange turtles could surely give the lesser Kraang a much harder time in ever succeeding in their goals? If not push them away entirely?

Superior Kraang, while obviously Superior then all the lesser Kraang that is the rest of their race is, credit is where credit is due, lesser Kraang would not have ruined the lives and taken over many others planets in the universe, multiverse included with their parallel counterparts with Kraang race if Kraang was hopelessly incompetent.

Or such as in this world, they did not have delusional creatures playing heroic vigilantes, thinking they can stop Kraangs race on their own before the rest of their race even knows what’s going on, thereby sealing that races unfortunate and inevitable fate of mass destruction and in some races case, extinction.

Certainly Superior Kraang understands keeping foolish humans and other races away from certain technology, such as time and dimensional travel given how badly they would mess with that, with things they cannot possibly understand, or better yet even care to understand let alone heed given how selfish and greedy humans, just like lesser Kraang are.

Not that Superior Kraang is saying their lesser brethren is not just as stupid for meddling in such things, but at least they are better equipped to handle and understand just how far they can meddle before they need to stop all operations, or at least change their strategies in order to not collapse the timeline or worse, rip a hole in the space time continuum.

Kraang race is a conquering species, just as most all intelligent races are, but given their whole bodies are basically made up of brain matter, they are more intelligent than most species could ever hope to be, so they fully understand and comprehend all consequences for their actions more intrinsically and accurately then most species would think.

Other races may make fun of how Kraang speaks, and to be frankly speaking, make fun of some of the idiotic plans or misconceptions and conclusions of others races society when on planet but one must understand that while Kraang may be made of brain matter, it does not mean they have everything that other species brains have.

For one Kraang are beings of pure logic, due to evolutionary reasons Kraang do not have the neurons firing in Kraangs bodies that other species do that they call emotions, or at least, as far as Superior Kraang is aware, any sort of soft emotion.

Even when having completed their objective of conquering a planet, or wiping it out entirely they do not feel what others races call happiness or joy.

They can feel satisfaction, and given how some of the other Kraangs neurons are fired in their genetic makeup, perhaps pleasure but it is not in anyway emotional, it is a pure physical reaction, not too dissimilar to that of a head… or rather brain in their races case massage.

Kraang can certainly feel frustration and anger, given how fired up our neurons are when our plans and logic fail us, but Kraang cannot feel sadness, or any other sort of negative emotion Superior Kraang can recall.

Not even Kraangs own, or at least what other spieces would call children or close colleagues and partners perish, Kraang simply does not have any sort of emotional capacity or capability to care.

Not that kraang can hold any other Kraang or organism close, not without the neurones for it and Kraang does not feel any kinship with youngling Kraang, since youngling Kraang are created already fully developed and ready to work, already knowing their purpose and everything they need to do in Kraang society if not slightly smaller then older Kraang.

Since Kraang are not born, when older Kraangs neurons fire in a certain way at certain times of the year new Kraang just separate from older Kraangs bodies and go on their way to do what Kraangs must do to keep kraangs species going and their plans running smoothly, changing duties only when commander Kraangs order so.

Commander Kraangs are usually just slighter smarter Kraangs since their neurons fire quicker, with leader of all Kraang having the fastest neuron’s speed.

Not that any of that matters to Superior Kraang, since their neuron’s fire even faster then that of leader Kraang, not that Superior Kraang will ever let other lesser Kraang know, Superior kraang is not stupid like the lesser kraangs, to let leader kraang know of Superior Kraangs superiority would no doubt be a death sentence, given Superior Kraang has not killed or taken over leader Kraangs position, no lesser kraangs would listen to Superior Kraang.

Not that Superior Kraang wants to, given how distasteful Superior Kraang finds world domination lesser Kraangs would not welcome Superior Kraang either even if they did kill or take over leaders position, since Superior Kraang would not try and take over or wipe out other creatures planets, even if it is more interesting then boring everyday life for other creatures, since Superior Kraang would basically be defying what all kraangs are genetically made and built for, therefore giving Kraangs no other purpose since what could Kraangs do otherwise?

Kraangs cannot just change everything they are and do something else, cannot say for instance try and possibly help other planets now, not with all the many atrocities kraangs have committed over the many, many millions of years kraangs have existed now can they?

They would not be welcomed or ever forgiven and would sooner be killed by remnants of civilisations they have destroyed or other aliens in space they have been or currently are at war with.

Kraang can disguise themselves as other races for a time, but would sooner or later be discovered since Kraang simply do not have what they do, emotions or other societal conditions to meet with other races in a seamless manor, Kraang are far too different.

Aside from all that, kraang are also an engineering and scientific type of race, kraang need brain stimulation to fundamentally function, always chasing new knowledge, needing to figure out how things work no matter the outcome to themselves or others.

It is part of why the first Kraangs given life started their journey of planetary conquest even began, why they steal any new technology they can get their hands on, why they take other creatures and races and experiment on them, torture them, why they made mutagen in the first place.

Kraangs always need to discover how things work, how they tick and when they do, figure out how to make it better, or even to create something entirely new so they can start all over again in figuring out how what they created even works.

It’s a never ending cycle so it is simply not realistic or possible for Kraang to ever change in a way that does not cause even more pain and suffering, Kraang stops attacking and taking over other planets? Kraang will just do ever more increasing unethical experiments from physical to mental all to see and understand exactly how they work, just how much or little of whatever it is one can take before they break, to see just how far or little something can evolve or even cease to exist in the shortest time frame.

Nothing will stop Kraangs need for new knowledge, and since Kraangs do not possess emotions or such trivial trifling things such as morals or empathy kraangs will never care how they get it, or what they have to do in order to know it.

Superior Kraang may be better then lesser Kraangs but that does not make Superior Kraang an exception to the rule, it’s just that Superior Kraangs current interest does not lie in biology or technology, their interest lies in the minds of different creatures, wondering how they work, how does ones environment change one’s temperament or personality if it does at all.

How does mutagen change one’s mental state, their emotional stability? There are so many questions and theories Superior Kraang holds, they are not necessarily interested just yet on how to break or make one’s mind better, no that is what the humans say as putting the cart before the horse.

First they must understand the basic psychology of others minds, and given how diverse other creatures minds and emotions are they doubt they will need to break and remake them for at least a millennium or two, perhaps more before they get bored of just understanding others minds and thoughts.

Though for a first subject Superior Kraang doesn’t want just any boring everyday human, Alien species, animal or even mutagen changed mutant.

No they want something interesting, something unique even among trillions or even quintillions of others in the universe they have so far observed.

They also think they have found their new… experimental observation subject for lack of a current better word.

Given no actual experiment shall take place… at least nothing unethical by most alien standards.

Superior Kraang wants the orange turtle mutant known as Michelangelo Hamato.